Just think about this figure,
Qiao Nianduo in the original book is a bit ungrateful.
My victory is difficult, and I will wake up in the end.
Could he have regained consciousness by now?
No, I have to be nice to him. husband,
After lying down for so long, it must be slow.
I'll read a book to you, sister.
See Jinlian, holding a bowl of soup,
Couple lying in bed on the veranda,
Soft body switch, it's time for Dalang to take medicine.
I'm sorry for being a poor seller.
Then you have worked hard to take care of Yun Lang these past few days.
I think you've been right lately
What are the actions on his side?
The second young master seems to be plotting against the young madam.